README.rst, before:

What is it?
============
a python jsend module.
compatable with jsend: http://labs.omniti.com/labs/jsend


Note:
============
(note: if there is a "README" file, it's a hardlink of "README.rst")


Shortely: (borrowed from http://labs.omniti.com/labs/jsend)
=================================================================
"""
A basic JSend-compliant response is as simple as this:
{{{
{
    status : "success",
    data : {
        "post" : { "id" : 1, "title" : "A blog post", "body" : "Some useful content" }
     }
}
}}}

When setting up a JSON API, you'll have all kinds of different types of calls and responses.  JSend separates responses into some basic types, and defines required and optional keys for each type:

||''Type''||''Description''||''Required Keys''||''Optional Keys''||
||success ||All went well, and (usually) some data was returned.||status, data||||
||fail    ||There was a problem with the data submitted, or some pre-condition of the API call wasn't satisfied||status, data||||
||error   ||An error occurred in processing the request, i.e. an exception was thrown||status, message||code, data||

"""

This module includes 3 classes:
==============================
RSuccess --> Result Success

RFail    --> Result Fail

RError   --> Result Error


Usage: (sample)
========================


In [1]: from jsend import RSuccess, RFail, RError   # from jsend import *

In [2]: rs = RSuccess()

In [3]: rs
Out[3]: {'data': {}, 'status': 'success'}

In [4]: rs.data['post'] = {'username' : 'you', 'password' : 'pwd' }

In [5]: rs
Out[5]: {'data': {'post': {'password': 'pwd', 'username': 'you'}}, 'status': 'success'}

In [6]: rf = RFail()

In [7]: rf
Out[7]: {'data': {}, 'status': 'fail'}

In [8]: rf.data['why'] = 'You have entered the wrong number'

In [9]: rf
Out[9]: {'data': {'why': 'You have entered the wrong number'}, 'status': 'fail'}

In [10]: rr = RError

In [11]: rr
Out[11]: jsend.jsend.RError

In [12]: rr = RError()

In [13]: rr
Out[13]: 
{'code': {},
 'data': {},
 'message': 'error occurres during processing',
 'status': 'error'}

In [14]: rr.data['stack'] = 'stack overflows'

In [15]: rr.code['return_code'] = 1

In [16]: rr
Out[16]: 
{'code': {'return_code': 1},
 'data': {'stack': 'stack overflows'},
 'message': 'error occurres during processing',
 'status': 'error'}

Commit message:

add "install instruction" to README; add file "pypi.help.rst" 	modified:   README 	modified:   README.rst 	modified:   dist/python-jsend-0.2.tar.gz 	new file:   pypi.help.rst 	deleted:    dist/python-jsend-0.1.7.tar.gz

README.rst, after:

What is it?
============
a python jsend module.
compatable with jsend: http://labs.omniti.com/labs/jsend


Note:
============
(note: if there is a "README" file, it's a hardlink of "README.rst")

Install:
============
* pip install python-jsend

* or download the tarbal, decompress it, then run "python setup.py install"


Shortely: (borrowed from http://labs.omniti.com/labs/jsend)
=================================================================
"""
A basic JSend-compliant response is as simple as this:
{{{
{
    status : "success",
    data : {
        "post" : { "id" : 1, "title" : "A blog post", "body" : "Some useful content" }
     }
}
}}}

When setting up a JSON API, you'll have all kinds of different types of calls and responses.  JSend separates responses into some basic types, and defines required and optional keys for each type:

||''Type''||''Description''||''Required Keys''||''Optional Keys''||
||success ||All went well, and (usually) some data was returned.||status, data||||
||fail    ||There was a problem with the data submitted, or some pre-condition of the API call wasn't satisfied||status, data||||
||error   ||An error occurred in processing the request, i.e. an exception was thrown||status, message||code, data||

"""

This module includes 3 classes:
==============================
RSuccess --> Result Success

RFail    --> Result Fail

RError   --> Result Error


Usage: (sample)
========================


In [1]: from jsend import RSuccess, RFail, RError   # from jsend import *

In [2]: rs = RSuccess()

In [3]: rs
Out[3]: {'data': {}, 'status': 'success'}

In [4]: rs.data['post'] = {'username' : 'you', 'password' : 'pwd' }

In [5]: rs
Out[5]: {'data': {'post': {'password': 'pwd', 'username': 'you'}}, 'status': 'success'}

In [6]: rf = RFail()

In [7]: rf
Out[7]: {'data': {}, 'status': 'fail'}

In [8]: rf.data['why'] = 'You have entered the wrong number'

In [9]: rf
Out[9]: {'data': {'why': 'You have entered the wrong number'}, 'status': 'fail'}

In [10]: rr = RError

In [11]: rr
Out[11]: jsend.jsend.RError

In [12]: rr = RError()

In [13]: rr
Out[13]: 
{'code': {},
 'data': {},
 'message': 'error occurres during processing',
 'status': 'error'}

In [14]: rr.data['stack'] = 'stack overflows'

In [15]: rr.code['return_code'] = 1

In [16]: rr
Out[16]: 
{'code': {'return_code': 1},
 'data': {'stack': 'stack overflows'},
 'message': 'error occurres during processing',
 'status': 'error'}
